docs: Add metrics-generator overrides example to config doc (#7567)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/configuration/_index.md

      [max_bytes_per_trace: <int>]
```

> When a tenant matches a per-tenant override entry, Tempo uses that entry's values and doesn't merge them field-by-field with `defaults`. Set every field a tenant needs within its own block. A few metrics-generator fields fall back to `defaults` when unset, but most, including `processors` and `remote_write_headers`, don't.

Reviewer: +1 to this change.

> When a tenant matches a per-tenant override entry, Tempo uses that entry's values and doesn't merge them field-by-field with `defaults`. Set every field a tenant needs within its own block. A few metrics-generator fields fall back to `defaults` when unset, but most, including `processors` and `remote_write_headers`, don't.

Author: ```suggestion
When a tenant matches a per-tenant override entry, Tempo doesn't merge that entry field-by-field with `defaults`. Most fields require you to set every value a tenant needs within its own block (some settings, such as `ingestion.rate_strategy`, always use `defaults`). A few metrics-generator fields fall back to `defaults` when unset, but most, including `processors` and `remote_write_headers`, don't.
```
